Create Blog Post “technical-guide-for-us-short-code-api-deprecation” (#682)
Nexmo/deved-platform: content/blog/en/technical-guide-for-us-short-code-api-deprecation.md

As a result, as of March 1, 2021, US carriers will no longer support shared shortcode (SSC) traffic. Please note that this does not impact dedicated shortcodes.

## What This Means for Customers Using US Shared Short Code API

Customers using Vonage's US Shared Short Code API will need to migrate over to one of the other available APIs. If you are using the US Shared Short Code API for communications via SMS, you will need to make adjustments to your code and configurations to use the [SMS API](https://developer.nexmo.com/messaging/sms/overview). Furthermore, if you're using it for Two-Factor authentication, you'll need to make adjustments to your code to use either the [SMS API](https://developer.nexmo.com/messaging/sms/overview) or the [Verify API](https://developer.nexmo.com/verify/overview). 

> If you do not wish to use the SDKs supported by Vonage, the API's themselves are readily available. For more information on these API's please check the [SMS API reference](https://developer.nexmo.com/api/sms) and the [Verify API reference](https://developer.nexmo.com/api/verify).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not wish to use the SDKs supported by Vonage, the APIs are readily available. For more information on these APIs, please check the [SMS API reference](https://developer.nexmo.com/api/sms) and the [Verify API reference](https://developer.nexmo.com/api/verify).
```
